idm_22.2.1_release (#2348)
oracle/docker-images: OracleInternetDirectory/imagetool/12.2.1.4.0/README.md

# Building an Oracle Internet Directory image with WebLogic Image Tool

> # Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Documentation
```

Author: changed

> For instructions on building an OID image with WebLogic Image Tool see [Create or update image](https://oracle.github.io/fmw-kubernetes/oid/create-or-update-image#create-or-update-an-oracle-internet-directory-services-manager-image-using-the-weblogic-image-tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed instructions on how to [create or update an Oracle Internet Directory container image](https://oracle.github.io/fmw-kubernetes/oid/create-or-update-image#create-or-update-an-oracle-internet-directory-services-manager-image-using-the-weblogic-image-tool) using the WebLogic Image Tool can be found in the [Oracle Fusion Middleware on Kubernetes](https://oracle.github.io/fmw-kubernetes/) documentation.
```

However, the URL to create-or-update-image does not exist and there does not appear to be any open PR that would create it.

Author: The URL link will be available once we have it published. It is still undergoing last minute checks.

> # Licensing & Copyright

Reviewer: Please remove this heading as it is redundant.
